feat(guide): Updated Plex Media Server Settings - v1.41.1.9057 (#2115)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: docs/Plex/Tips/Plex-media-server.md

??? tip "TIP - Autoscan - [Click to show/hide]"

>     If for some reason example your operating systems don’t provide this trigger or your storage is mounted on a network (SMB/NFS/Cloud Storage) or your library just doesn't automatically scan, or is just plain impractical, You might want to consider using autoscan. IBRACORP (A Youtube channel we collaborate with) has a video explaining it in further detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In some cases, an operating system may not support this trigger - for example, if your storage is mounted on a network (SMB/NFS/Cloud Storage). In other cases, you may just find that your library doesn't automatically scan on its own. In these cases, you could consider using autoscan. IBRACORP (A Youtube channel we collaborate with) has a video explaining it in further detail.
```

    Plex’s tone mapping support should generally be able to produce good color mapping and help avoid the “washed-out” colors that occur when converting HDR content without tone mapping.

#### Tonemapping Algorithm

![!Settings - Transcoder - Tone Mapping Algorithm](images/settings-transcoder-tonemapping-algorithm.png)

> Most operating systems running Plex Media Server have the ability to select which tone mapping algorithm is used (except on Windows Intel)  to convert from HDR to SDR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plex Media Server owners can choose which tone mapping algorithm is used when transcoding HDR content to SDR. Note: this feature is not yet available on Intel-based Windows systems.
```

    **Suggested: `Enabled`**

#### Hardware transcoding device

The GPU or other hardware device that will be used for transcoding. The default setting will have the Auto option selected. If you have multiple devices capable of hardware-accelerated transcoding (e.g. both an integrated and discrete GPU), you can select a particular device.

!!! success ""

>     **Suggested: `Your used device that will be used for transcoding`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Suggested: `Whichever device you wish to use for hardware transcoding`**
```

#### Maximum simultaneous video transcode

Set the maximum number of transcoding sessions that you will allow simultaneously. For instance, if you only want to allow two transcodes to happen at any one time (even if your computer is capable of more), you can set the value to 2.

!!! success ""

>     **Suggested: `Depending on your setup`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Suggested: `However many your setup is capable of`**
```

        *Besides that, it uses a lot of disk space and high I/O, No one in my family uses FastForward/Rewind but they use the skip forward/backward.*

1. This deletes the preview thumbnails it generated before you disabled this option

![!Plex Settings - Libraries - TV](images/manage-libraries-tv-part5.png)

1. Generate intro detection for items in this library when enabled in server settings.

    !!! success ""

        **Suggested: `Enabled`**

>         *Ever watch a TV show and it starts playing that same minute and a half credits intro that you've already watched multiple times? Well, you can have your Plex Media Server analyze the TV shows to try and detect those introductions and then let you skip through them with a single click!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *Have you ever watched a TV show, and it starts playing that same minute and a half credits intro that you've already seen multiple times? Well, you can have your Plex Media Server analyze your TV shows to try and detect those introductions, and then let you skip through them with a single click!*
```
